hey guys tally boss is back with some
latest updates with naturally a fix the
proximity of the 11 couples will
increase the bond and bring our
passionate moments never seen before on
television starting ninth November gets
ready to witness bolder act and
uninhibited showcase of romance and
intense chemistry every Saturday and
Sunday Salazar's brief to you the press
meet video check it out
[Music]
romance non-existence mainly the romance
large personify got that I don't know
surprising aspects of friendship is
romance
I think romantic panadol uncle you know
sat melodica and otherwise life is
boring
so a little bit of romance is adding
like a little spice to your life
relationships
you